PEM - 9.6 release notes (#5626)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pem/9/pem_rel_notes/960_rel_notes.mdx

| Enhancement  | Added two alert templates &mdash; `Inactive replication slots` and `Conflicting replication slots` and added two probes &mdash; `Replication slots` and `Multixact ID Exhaustion (Wraparound)`.                                          |
| Enhancement  | The default display name for a newly registered agent is now the host's fully qualified domain name (FQDN), falling back to the previous default of the hostname if the FQDN is not set.                                                 |
| Enhancement  | Updated the alert template `Table size in server/database/schema` with more detailed SQL query.                                                                                                                                          |

> | Enhancement  | Added an option to download the capacity manager report in JSON format.                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Enhancement  | Added an option to download the Capacity Manager report in JSON format.                                                                                                                                                                  |
```
Feature name should probably have capitals?

> | Enhancement  | PEM can now register the Barman server using CA certificate only.                                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Enhancement  | You can now specify a CA Certificate path when registering a Barman server using pemworker without having to specify a client certificate and key.                                                                                                                                                                       |
```
